let's take you now to a live event
happening here at the alzer's
headquarters this is a gathering of
journalists uh were looking at them
Gathering to Mark the sixth day since
the killing of the aler cameraman Sam
abua that is an Al jazer anchor Muhammad
hamdan there flanked on his right and
left by senior Managers from Al jaer Dr
Mustafa Sak the director General and
Samy alhajj the uh head of the AL jaaz
human rights Department that's listen
name all of our fellow correspondents
and cameramen have been working day and
night without any tiresome many of them
had the opportunity to leave many of our
colleagues have dual citizenship many of
them were asked to leave yet they prefer
to stay including our fallen colleague
Sam for whom we stand today calling for
justice justice for the targeting and
assassination of our colleague and all
other fellow
journalist
operating in Gaza it is not a war on
Gaza only it is a war on the truth a war
on the message and the messenger I give
the floor to our colleague
Sammy
Al we cannot express our grief and
sadness we all express our sadness for
the passing of our fellow colleague Sam
abaka who fa
fulfilling his professional Duty and his
humanitarian
task we have Solace only because we
believe that he has gone to a better
place now he is in the mercy of God
Almighty we Al jazer have lost more than
members in different Wars many of our
fellow colleagues also lost their family
members under the fire of the Israeli
occupation forces this is a time where
the world marks the 75th anniversary of
the human rights declaration
yet violence and atrocities are
perpetrated against journalist simply
for being the Messengers The Messengers
of the truth the messenger of the word
and the carrier of the voice of the
people the Israeli crimes continue to be
perpetrated against our fellow
journalist in Gaza yet we are working
closely with our partners in all the
human rights journalist associations to
uh
ensure the safety and protection of
journalists and also seeking the
necessary
measures to all the Justice venues at
the global Arena and the regional one in
order to Rally support among all the
human rights effective human rights
organizations and those freedom of
Express
syndicates also we will continue to
Rally our efforts to provide maximum
protection to all journalists all mass
media worldwide and all journalists
worldwide must join forces in order to
arrive at the common goal maximizing
protection and providing maximum
protection to them in dangerous zones
and also the necessity to have those
responsible duly held to account and and
penalized once again we renew our
heartfelt condolences to the family of
our fallen colleague Sam Abu Daka we
pledge to all that we in the public
Freedom Center to continue to take all
the conceivable means to have the
perpetrators
penalized journalism is not a crime the
crime is to kill
journalists journalism is not a crime
and this is a slogan we continue to
reiterate until Justice is restored
Justice is administered to all the
Fallen
journalists once again we thank you
including all those with us here today
including the family of the Fallen
colleague Sam abua his wife his daughter
and his two sons we welcome them among
their extended family Al jazer family
and here we give the floor to our fellow
colleague from inside Gaza Strip we are
standing here from inside Gaza that is
besieged from all directions the sea the
land and even the skies We Salute You at
this
moment um this exceptional historical
moment it is a critical moment in the
history of Gaza
Strip it is a critical moment to all the
gazans here we cannot say what today in
the face of death in the face of
blood in the face of blood
bath we cannot put our feelings
towards on this solemn
moment this saddening moment this
painful moment as we
remember our fallen colleague the
cameraman Sam abua whose
blood has not dried on this V this is
his
vest we are joining our voices to yours
we are here to express our
rejection yet we cannot express our
sadness we have lost many dear beloved
ones what can we say amid all what's
unfolding in Gaza it is true that this
moment is painful yet it is
unprecedented it is come
clear that this is the aim of the
Israelis to muzzle journalists to
prevent us from carrying the message
from telling the story from fulfilling
our humanitarian and professional
Mission our mission is being throttled
here at Gaza Strip we were all hit by
this sad news and all Al jazer
colleagues and all the media extended
family journalists from all other media
are here to share their sentiments of
sadness they are here also to express
their heartfelt
condolences we are all here
part of the same Mission we are here to
pledge that we will continue to fulfill
our
mission the Journey of Journalism
continues even after the
Israelis killed Sam abua and before that
two years two and a half years ago
assassinated our colleague Shireen AB
this has not detered us we continue with
the picture with the
words with all conceivable means only to
carry the truth to tell the truth to
tell the whole world the truth and if
there is any
words to say or any pledge to
reiterate is that we will continue we
will continue we will continue to tell
the truth so long as our hearts are
beating and chest
breathing we will continue to fulfill
our mission until the acts of God and
the promises of God are
fulfilled as a matter of fact what is
unfolding in Gaza is nothing so of crime
it is
insane as we speak more than 100
Palestinian journalists and cameramen
were all killed by the same Israeli
bullets this is before the eyes and the
nose of the whole world the whole world
who are lecturing on freedom of
expression and human rights
in the 20-year-old Vietnam War only 20
journalists were killed in less than 3
months in Gaza more than 100 journalists
were killed yet we are surprised to see
reports claiming that journalists are
not targeted this raises a question mark
it is with deep pain that we receive
these false report reports from the
world community that are preaching human
rights and
Justice yet our sacrifice will be
translated as a driver as a motive to
continue to work I am not speaking on my
personal behalf or on behalf of Al jazer
I am speaking on behalf of all
journalists operating inside Gaza that
we are here to reiterate that we will
continue to fulfill our
mission as we know that the
communication are distorted in
Gaza we will
continue to work here as long as we
breathe the words there of Al jazer
correspondent in Gaz
in this event
marking the death the killing of the
aler cameraman Sam abua he was killed
six days ago when Israel struck a
school where in jabalia where uh they
were
covering Israeli strikes on civilians